Apprentices will set flame to your owl and proclaim it a phoenix.
Wizards will claim to have witches despite never having stepped foot in a coven.
Warlocks will announce their betrothal yet claim she doth attend "another academy".
Apprentices will learn lesser ward and think themselves impervious.
Apprentices will cast reinforce on a blade and think themselves a smith.
When you task your apprentice to gather wolfsbane yet he returns with nightshade.
Paladins will observe you raising the dead and believe it to be the lord's work.
Goblins will see you tame a beast and claim "he hasn't the skill to summon his own".
Assassins will see you cast invisibility and claim you haven't the grace to sneak.
Barbarians will see a lightning bolt spell and believe it to be a storm.
I bring a sort of "we should form a guild" vibe to the congregation that archmages don't really like.
Any witch born after 1553 can't conjure... all they know is tavern, "ride they broomsticks", seduce, be blasphemous, consume toadstool, and spread falsehoods.
Apprentices will lose control of their gust spell and claim "I have summoned a tornado".
Goblins will see you teleport and say "he can't afford a steed".
Apprentices will drop your potion of flame and say they've learned to cast fireball.
Apprentices will hand in 6 spells and call it a grimoire.
Apprentices will cast a minor flame incantation and declare themselves worthy of a Spectral Steed.
Wizards will complain, "My apprentice is terrible at casting". My brother in arcane arts, you taught the apprentice!
Orcs will see you imbue your sword with fire and proclaim "he can't squabble the funds to afford a torch".
Conjurers may summon a wisp and believe themselves to be stormcallers.
Alchemists will concoct a simple elixir and presume they've found the philosopher's stone.
Mystics will glimpse the ether and assume they've pierced the veil.
Apprentices will weave a frost enchantment and consider themselves as winter's heirs.
Druids will whisper to a leaf and fancy themselves fluent in nature's tongue.
Warlocks will utter a simple incantation and believe they command the language of demons.
Mages will levitate a pebble and boast they've tamed gravity.
Necromancers will reanimate a rodent and claim dominion over life and death.
Bards will strum a lute and reckon themselves maestros of forgotten melodies.
Sorcerers will spark a tiny flame and fancy themselves keepers of primordial fire.
Enchanters will imbue a trinket with a glimmer and declare it to be starlight's kin.
Apprentices will scry a puddle and reckon themselves seers of the ancient abyss.
Illusionists will cast a simple mirage and deem it a reality woven.
Scribes will decode a rune and assume themselves hierophants of hidden lore.
Thaumaturges will bend a twig and think they've embraced the world's essence.
Oracles will interpret a single dream and claim mastery over the realm of slumber.
Elementalists will stir a breeze and perceive it as commanding the northern gale.
Witches will brew a simple potion and declare it a panacea for all afflictions.
Clerics will bless a well and presume they've sanctified the ocean depths.
Invokers will summon a sprite and boast of conjuring ancient spirits.
Augurs will read a bird's flight and proclaim themselves interpreters of celestial design.
Shamans will touch a totem and think they've communed with ancestral spirits.
Theurgists will invoke a guardian spirit and claim they've roused the celestial army.
Apprentices will charm a sparrow and think they command the avian kingdom.
Elders will reminisce on old battles and deem themselves historians of wars unseen.
Runemasters will etch a common glyph and believe themselves to be stone's whisperers.
Alchemists will distil dew and assume they've bottled the essence of dawn.
Sages will solve a riddle and fancy themselves unravellers of cosmic enigmas.
Monks will meditate a moment and think they've fathomed the universe's heartbeat.
Soothsayers will predict a rain and consider themselves time's confidantes.
Apprentices will craft a rudimentary golem and declare themselves life's architects.
Warlocks will curse a rat and proclaim themselves masters of ruin.
Druids will grow a sprout and believe themselves to be nature's chosen.
Apprentices will ignite a candle and think they've captured the sun's might.
Mages will deflect a dart and reckon themselves untouchable.
Diviners will see a flicker in their crystal ball and assume it's a storm on the horizon.
Priests will heal a cut and presume they've held death at bay.
Enchantresses will charm a frog and think themselves sovereigns of the wild.
Warlocks will silence a crow and assume they've hushed the night.
Apprentices will transmute copper to gold and declare themselves almighty alchemists.
Sorcerers will summon a drizzle and fancy themselves lords of the storm.
Mystics will open a small portal and believe they've torn the veil asunder.
Wizards will brew a modest love potion and think they've ensnared the heart's labyrinth.
Augurs will predict a fallen apple and claim prescience of the world's turning.
Scribes will pen a prophecy and think they've written the future.
Bards will play a dirge and believe they've captured sorrow's essence.
Druids will heal a sapling and think they've mended the heart of the forest.
Elementalists will mould a sand castle and consider themselves shapers of the earth.
Clerics will banish a minor spectre and believe themselves exorcists of darkest nightmares.
Conjurers will bind a pixie and think they've shackled the fey queen.
Sorcerers might conjure a specter and insist they've harnessed the abyss.
A novice might replicate a rune and consider himself a master scribe.
When you entrust a squire with iron, yet they return bearing copper.
Knights may watch you quiet a storm and credit it to mere coincidence.
Initiates may summon a sprite and declare themselves an archmage.
Mystics will see you converse with the wind and deem it mere mad ravings.
Druids may heal a sparrow and imagine themselves great caretakers of life.
Neophytes will observe your astral projection and presume it's mere illusion.
Adepts might create a spark and fancy themselves wielders of the inferno.
Bards will hear your song of silence and dismiss it as a silent instrument.
Trolls may see you commune with a dragon and taunt "he lacks the courage to fight his own battles".
Sages may study an almanac and see themselves as keepers of the cosmos.
Disciples may kindle a will-o'-the-wisp and presume they've captured a star.
Zealots may witness you walking on water and conclude it's the work of unseen shoals.
When you ask your novice for an elixir and they bring back brackish water.
Monks will feel your aura of tranquility and mistake it for lack of will.
Acolytes will cast a minor charm and dream they've woven grand enchantments.
Mages might bend a ray of light and profess to control the sun.
Mystics may see you command a mountain to move and scoff "he is but talking to stones".
When you send your apprentice for a phoenix feather and they come back with a rooster's plume.
Warlocks will call upon a breeze and believe they've summoned a tempest.
Apprentices might light a candle with magic and think they've stolen Prometheus' fire.
Necromancers might observe your conversation with the shadows and believe it to be mere shadow play.
Initiates will cast a frost spell on a petal and imagine themselves the winter's herald.
Orcs may watch you befriend a griffin and ridicule "he can't even tame his own kind".
Scribes may copy a sigil and assert they've mastered ancient scripts.
Enchanters will set a gem to glow and consider it a star.
Priests may see you heal a wound and label it a mundane medical trick.
Scholars may crack a cipher and declare themselves language pioneers.
When you ask your pupil for unicorn's hair and they return with horse's mane.
Elves will see you converse with an old tree and mock "he hasn't the wit for his own kin".
Alchemists will brew a basic potion and think themselves masters of the mystical arts.
Conjurers may pull a rabbit from a hat and boast as if they've bridged worlds.
Seers might gaze into a puddle and claim to see the depth of the cosmos.
Witches will kindle a firefly and insist they've caught a piece of the sun.
Magicians might turn a leaf to gold and declare they've found the philosopher's stone.
Scholars may read an ancient scroll and see themselves as time travelers.
When you ask your novice for a kraken's ink and they return with a squid's.
Scribes will sketch a constellation and dream they've drawn the universe's map.
Dwarves may see you command a rock to roll and jeer "he doesn't have the strength to lift his own burden".
Enchanters may ensnare a ghost and see themselves as masters of the netherworld.
Druids might whisper to a deer and believe they've unlocked the language of the wild.
Shamans might observe you dancing with the flames and mistake it for a simple tribal dance.
Adepts will weave a spider's web and think themselves lords of the arachnids.
Sorcerers will shape a puff of smoke and fancy themselves storm callers.
Alchemists may distill morning dew and imagine they've captured the essence of dawn.
Elves will see you shaping a cloud and ridicule "he's simply playing with the winds".
Witches may brew a simple potion and presume they've unlocked the secrets of nature.
Wizards will cast a shadow and think themselves lords of the night.
Sages might decipher a rune and believe they've unraveled the universe's mysteries.
Sages will read a prophecy and declare themselves foretold.
Novices will summon a sprite and fancy themselves a conjurer.
Druids will grow a sapling and believe themselves a forest-keeper.
Bards will compose a sonnet and imagine themselves to be poets.
Adepts might transmute lead into gold and proclaim themselves alchemists.
Initiates will cast a flicker and assume themselves pyromancers.
When your squire slays a rat, yet proclaims himself a dragonslayer.
Sorcerers may look into a crystal ball and consider themselves seers.
Alchemists will concoct a simple potion and dream they've found the elixir of life.
When you send your acolyte for mandrake and he returns with hemlock.
Necromancers may animate a skeleton and think they've mastered death.
Apprentices will invoke a breeze and see themselves as storm-callers.
Mystics will read an elder script and presume to be loremasters.
Warriors will wear a suit of armor and assume they're invincible.
Scholars will decipher a rune and declare themselves linguists.
Monks will meditate an hour and believe they've reached enlightenment.
Oracles will glimpse a vision and suppose they've seen the future.
Apprentices will levitate a feather and think themselves gravity's master.
Archers will hit a target and believe they're master marksmen.
Priests will bless a peasant and assume they've performed a miracle.
Knights will win a tourney and think they're ready for war.
Thieves will pick a pocket and assume they've become master rogues.
Rangers will track a rabbit and believe they're adept hunters.
When you send your assistant for moonstone but they return with sunstone.
Illusionists will create a mirage and consider themselves reality-warpers.
Healers will close a cut and see themselves as lifesavers.
Diviners will find water and think they've discovered a wellspring.
Witches will brew a love potion and fancy themselves heart-binders.
Summoners will call forth an imp and imagine themselves demon-lords.
Sorcerers will freeze a droplet and think they've commanded winter.
Enchanters will charm a sparrow and deem themselves beast whisperers.
Scholars will solve a riddle and assume they've cracked an enigma.
Seers will predict rain and believe they've foreseen a storm.
Scribes will copy a tome and believe they're original authors.
Conjurers will summon a familiar and believe themselves masters of spirits.
Smiths will forge a dagger and think they've crafted Excalibur.
Artisans will sculpt clay and imagine themselves Michelangelo.
Troubadours will sing a song and assume they're maestros.
Apprentices will light a torch and see themselves as sun-bringers.
When you send your novice for unicorn hair but they return with horse mane.
Wizards will create sparks and think they've tamed lightning.
Beastmasters will calm a wolf and believe they've soothed a manticore.
Magi will peer into the astral realm and fancy themselves star-walkers.
Scribes will ink a scroll and think they've penned an epic.
Bards will pluck a lute and believe they've played a symphony.
Evokers will conjure a gust and think they've commanded the winds.
Sorceresses will weave a charm and presume they've spun fate.
Diviners will read tea leaves and consider themselves destiny's mouthpiece.
Warlocks will hex a toad and see themselves as curse-weavers.
Dreamweavers will induce a nap and think they've unlocked the realm of dreams.
Apprentices will ignite a leaf and claim they've summoned the dragon's breath.
Wizards will proclaim to have potions, yet they've never touched an alchemical kit.
Sorcerers will declare themselves masters of the arcane, yet they confuse a rune for a simple etching.
Apprentices will see a familiar and think it their personal demon.
Apprentices will cast a light spell and believe themselves lighthouses.
When you instruct your apprentice to harvest mana herbs and they return with poison ivy.
Monks will see you levitate and believe it to be the work of deep meditation.
Trolls will observe your familiar and claim "he can't command a beast of his own".
Thieves will see you cast a silence spell and scoff, "he lacks the finesse for a subtle approach".
Warriors will witness a meteor shower spell and mistake it for a starfall.
I bring a certain "we should establish a school of magic" energy that the high priests find unsettling.
Any sorcerer born after 1612 can't transmute... all they know is mead-hall, "fly on magic carpets", enchant, behave unethically, consume mana berries, and utter misconceptions.
Apprentices will misdirect their ice spell and claim "I've awakened a glacier".
Hobgoblins will witness your portal creation and mock, "he can't even ride a wyvern".
Apprentices will mishandle your potion of frost and say they've mastered the cone of cold.
Apprentices will submit a single cantrip and call it a Book of Shadows.
Apprentices will cast a spark and announce themselves as heirs of the Thunder God.
Necromancers will grumble, "My acolyte is terrible at raising the dead". My comrade in necromancy, who educated the acolyte?
Trolls will see you empower your staff with light and jest "he can't scrape together enough for a lantern".
Apprentices will trigger a whisper of wind and pronounce it a hurricane.
Enchanters will boast of possessing djinn, despite never having ventured into a desert.
Apprentices will draw a simple glyph and believe themselves Rune Masters.
When you direct your apprentice to fetch unicorn hair and he comes back with horse tail.
Clerics will notice you materialize food and insist it's divine providence.
Imps will watch your polymorphing and claim "he can't raise a pet of his own".
Spies will see you cast a disguise spell and scoff "he doesn't possess the elegance to blend".
Gladiators will experience a sandstorm spell and reckon it to be a desert wind.
I bring a certain "we need to organize a mystical symposium" aura that grand viziers find disturbing.
Any enchantress born after 1670 can't curse... all they know is feast, "sail on enchanted ships", bewitch, act immoderately, consume faerie nectar, and propagate misconceptions.
Apprentices will misfire their stone spell and claim "I've provoked an earthquake".
Kobolds will notice your astral projection and scoff, "he can't hitch a ride on a griffon".
Apprentices will mishandle your potion of lightning and say they've commanded a storm.
Apprentices will present three hexes and call it a Codex of Curses.
Apprentices will cast a puff of smoke and deem themselves the Smoke Wraith.
Alchemists will lament, "My assistant can't brew correctly". My kin in elixir crafting, who trained the assistant?
Gnomes will watch you energize your cloak with wind and joke "he can't collect enough for a proper sail".
Apprentices will kindle a twig and declare it a wildfire.
Alchemists will assert ownership of philosophers' stones, despite never setting foot in a lab.
Apprentices will etch a simple seal and see themselves as Archivists of the Ancients.
When you send your apprentice to find an owlbear feather and he returns with a chicken plume.
Shamans will perceive your spirit summoning and claim it's a call to the ancestors.
Fairies will view your elementals and tease "he can't nurture a plant of his own".
Rogues will witness you cast a shadow form and claim "he lacks the subtlety to conceal".
Knights will observe a tidal wave spell and perceive it as an ocean's whim.
I bring a distinctive "we ought to create a magic consortium" notion that the head druids find discomforting.
Any druid born after 1725 can't shapeshift... all they know is grove, "fly on giant eagles", charm, act recklessly, consume elderberries, and broadcast inaccuracies.
Apprentices will mishandle their water spell and declare "I've birthed a flood".
Sprites will witness your blink spell and mock "he can't mount a stag".
Apprentices will spill your potion of earth and say they've summoned a mountain.
Apprentices will project a mere illusion and call themselves the Grand Illusionist.
Acolytes will charm a rabbit and believe they've tamed a dragon.
Sorcerers will claim to have summoned spirits, yet they've never journeyed to the Netherworld.
Necromancers will speak of their ghostly wives, yet insist "she resides in a different plane".
Apprentices will cast a water spell and consider themselves the masters of the sea.
Apprentices will place a fortification on a buckler and feel like master armorsmiths.
When you send your pupil to fetch dragonroot, but he returns with deathcap.
Knights will see you resurrecting a corpse and consider it divine intervention.
Trolls will watch you pacify a wild griffin and scoff, "he lacks the power to call his own beast".
Spies will witness your phasing spell and ridicule, "he lacks the finesse for subterfuge".
Berserkers will experience a meteor shower spell and attribute it to a natural phenomenon.
I bring a certain "we should establish a magical society" energy to the council of mages that elders aren't fond of.
Any warlock born after 1702 can't hex... all they know is alehouse, "ride their spectral horses", charm, commit sacrilege, devour moonseed, and tell tales.
Apprentices will mishandle their breeze enchantment and boast, "I've conjured a whirlwind".
Trolls will observe your dimensional shift and jeer, "he can't scrape together enough for a wagon".
Apprentices will spill your pyro elixir and brag they've mastered the fireball spell.
Apprentices will submit a handful of cantrips and consider it an arcane library.
Apprentices will perform a spark spell and see themselves deserving a Ghostly Griffin.
Sorcerers will moan, "My disciple is awful at enchantments". My compatriot in mysticism, you trained the disciple!
Gnomes will watch you infuse your blade with ice and announce "he lacks the gold for even an icicle".
Apprentices will manage a pebble levitation and believe they've grasped telekinesis.
Druids will behold your nature summoning and claim, "he can't even sprout a weed".
Apprentices will control a tadpole and boast of taming the Kraken.
When you instruct your neophyte to collect eye of newt, but he presents you with crow's feather.
Bards will observe your glamour spell and call it an artistic expression.
Ogres will see your spectral wolf and grumble, "he doesn't have the ability to train a dog".
Rangers will spot your shadow walk and assert, "he lacks the agility to track".
Warriors will feel the effect of a quake spell and assume it's an earth tremor.
I exude a certain "we ought to organize a conclave" aura that the grand enchanters do not appreciate.
Any enchantress born after 1824 can't transmute... all they are familiar with is mead hall, "ride their spectral cats", allure, commit heresy, ingest mandrake, and spread rumors.
Apprentices will bungle their fog spell and assert "I've called forth a cloud".
Ogres will witness your portal creation and quip, "he can't even afford a mule".
Apprentices will upset your frost potion and claim they've unveiled the frostbolt spell.
Apprentices will deliver a trio of runes and call it a book of shadows.
Apprentices will perform a glow spell and perceive themselves worthy of an Ethereal Eagle.
Warlocks will grumble, "My novice is dreadful at evocations". My ally in the mystical, you are the novice's teacher!
Dwarves will watch your lightning imbued axe and pronounce "he can't scrape together enough for a simple lantern".
Apprentices will induce a vine's growth and think they've dominated the plant kingdom.
Alchemists will see your gold transmutation and claim, "he can't even brew a potion".
Apprentices will control a firefly and declare mastery over light manipulation.
When you command your protégé to gather unicorn hair, but he returns with horse mane.
Monks will witness your peace aura and label it as an act of serenity.
Giants will observe your tamed chimera and huff, "he lacks the prowess to domesticate his own pet".
Thieves will notice your blink spell and claim, "he lacks the subtlety to pickpocket".
Gladiators will sense a blizzard spell and believe it's a natural snowfall.
I emanate a distinctive "we should initiate a covenant" impression that the archdruids do not appreciate.
Any seeress born after 1957 can't divine... all they know is inn, "ride their crystal balls", captivate, be irreverent, ingest angel's trumpet, and weave tales.
Apprentices will fumble their rain spell and assert "I've orchestrated a monsoon".
Giants will observe your astral projection and jibe, "he can't cough up for a boat".
Apprentices will knock over your storm flask and state they've deciphered the thunderbolt spell.
Apprentices will present a few scribbled sigils and call it a book of the arcane.
Novices will mispronounce a summoning spell and claim to have summoned a demon.
Gnomes will witness your shape-shifting and say "he simply doesn't want to wear his own face".
Apprentices will lose grip of their broomstick and say "I'm testing a levitation spell".
Sorcerers will see you conjure a shield and say you're too fearful to take a hit.
Apprentices will burn sage and think themselves a cleric.
When you ask your pupil to fetch dragon's scales, but they return with snake skin.
Monks will see you possess a spirit and believe it to be divine intervention.
Kobolds will witness your animal companion and sneer, "he can't even attract his own kin".
Rogues will see you cast a silence spell and say you lack the subtlety for a quiet approach.
Berserkers will observe a meteor shower spell and credit it to a celestial event.
I often suggest "we should establish an arcane council" at parties, which doesn't go over well with the elder seers.
Any sorcerer born after 1702 can't transmute... all they know is mead hall, "fly their carpets", beguile, be irreverent, devour mooncaps, and propagate misdirection.
Apprentices will misuse a water conjuration and say, "I've created a monsoon".
Trolls will watch you phase through a wall and jeer, "he can't even find the door".
Apprentices will spill your frost brew and declare they've mastered frost spells.
Apprentices will scribble 5 enchantments and call it a codex of arcane arts.
Apprentices will conjure a flicker of light and say they are ready for the Undead Horde.
Witches will gripe, "My novice can't brew potions". My sister in the craft, you're the one teaching her!
Ghouls will witness your ice blade and sneer, "he can't handle the heat of a true battle".
Apprentices will stir a simple herb concoction and believe they've brewed an elixir of life.
Necromancers will watch you pacify a spirit and say you lack the courage to battle it.
When you send your apprentice to collect mandrake, but they return with hemlock.
Druids will see you talk to animals and claim it's all the goddess' doing.
Imps will see your summoned sprite and claim "he couldn't charm a sprite on his own".
Rangers will see you cast a camouflage spell and say you're too timid to track.
Warriors will mistake an earthquake spell for a mere tremor.
I'm always suggesting "we should compile an almanac" at guild meetings, to the annoyance of the old loremasters.
Any mage born after 1804 can't astral project... all they know is alehouse, "float their orbs", charm, be sacrilegious, munch on stardust, and disseminate myths.
Apprentices will fumble a heat spell and claim, "I have invoked a volcano".
Ogres will observe your translocation and mock, "he can't bear the discomfort of walking".
Apprentices will misplace your cloud charm and say they've discovered the secret to weather manipulation.
Apprentices will craft 4 talismans and proclaim it a treasury of artifacts.
Apprentices will summon a tiny zephyr and consider themselves ready to challenge the Wind Serpent.
Druids will sigh, "My student can't shapeshift". My peer in nature, you are the mentor!
Dwarves will see you ignite your arrows and scoff, "he can't bear the expense of a proper weapon".
Apprentices will misdirect a levitation charm and claim they've mastered the art of flight.
Priests will see you cast a healing spell and say it's the divine's mercy.
When you order your protege to gather phoenix feathers, but they come back with crow feathers.
Sirens will watch your charmed sea creature and scoff, "he couldn't even seduce a mermaid".
Thieves will observe your ethereal form spell and declare you're too clumsy for a proper evasion.
Gladiators will confuse a tempest spell for a natural gale.
I often hint at "we should build a library of relics" at symposiums, much to the chagrin of the relic keepers.
Any enchanter born after 1895 can't enchant... all they know is inn, "soar on their staves", allure, be heretical, ingest pixie dust, and distribute rumors.
Apprentices will miscalculate a soil spell and brag, "I've summoned an earthquake".
Trolls will see your portal and mock, "he can't bear the hardship of a journey".
Apprentices will mishandle your storm vial and claim they've discovered the secret to thunderstorm spells.
Apprentices will inscribe 3 charms and declare it a scripture of spells.
Apprentices will conjure a tiny spark and think themselves ready for a duel with the Fire Elemental.
Mages will complain, "My acolyte can't control elementals". My counterpart, you are the instructor!
Centaurs will watch your lightning imbued spear and taunt, "he can't even muster the courage to use a traditional weapon".
Sorcerers will mix up frog's bile with wormwood and think they've concocted an elixir of life.
Gnomes will watch you transform a pebble into a gem and declare, "He lacks the finesse for proper gem-cutting".
Squires will draw a simple protective circle and believe themselves to be seasoned magi.
Mages will charge a copper coin with magic and think they've forged the philosopher's stone.
Warlocks will acquire a crow familiar and boast of mastering all dark creatures.
When you ask your novice to collect unicorn hair and they return with horse tail strands.
Knights will witness you summoning a golem and consider it a divine act.
Elves will observe your enchanting prowess and comment, "He hasn't the craft to enchant his own wand".
Rogues will watch you manipulate shadows and accuse you of lacking the finesse for proper subterfuge.
Barbarians will mistake a simple illusion for divine intervention.
I am the sort of "we ought to begin a magical syndicate" person that tends to irk the elder sages.
Any wizard born after 1602 can't transmute... all they know is scroll, "fly on their carpets", charm, break taboos, devour mandrake, and propagate myths.
Novices will misuse a levitation charm and boast, "I have commanded the winds".
Elves will watch you open a portal and snidely comment, "He's too cheap to purchase an elven cloak".
Novices will spill your flask of phlogiston and announce they've mastered pyromancy.
Novices will jot down three cantrips and claim to have written an entire book of shadows.
Novices will perform a spark spell and boast that they're prepared to summon the Thunderous Boar.
Sorcerers will grumble, "My acolyte is dreadful at summoning". Dear fellow practitioner, you are the one who taught the acolyte!
Trolls will see you arm your arrow with energy and remark "he can't gather enough gold to buy proper arrowheads".
Druids will observe you charm a wild fox and scoff, "He has no talent to command his own spirit animal".
Witches will hear your silent incantation and sneer "she can't muster the voice for a true spell".
Wizards will see you bind a specter and joke "he can't convince a live person to follow him".
Apprentices will conduct a minor ritual and hail themselves as archpriests.
Necromancers will see you summon a sprite and jest "she lacks the gall to call forth a wraith".
Alchemists will watch you change water into wine and say "he lacks the knowledge to brew a simple potion".
Novices will mispronounce an incantation and announce they've created a new spell.
Mystics will observe your mind-reading abilities and taunt, "She can't hold an ordinary conversation".
Sages will watch you make a light orb and declare, "He doesn't own a simple lantern".
When you ask your student to collect moon dust and they return with sand.
Novices will summon a will-o'-wisp and swear they've brought forth a star.
Warlocks will witness you casting a silencing spell and claim it to be an act of divine silence.
Necromancers will watch you raise a plant from a seed and claim, "He lacks the guts to summon a skeleton".
Sages will claim, "My disciple has no knack for potions". But who tutored the disciple, dear sage?
Monks will witness you manipulating time and claim it's a mere trick of meditation.
Dwarves will observe your metal transmutation and claim "he can't muster the strength to mine his own gold".
Druids will watch you speak with a raven and comment, "She lacks the patience to understand the winds".
Apprentices will perform a simple rain spell and proudly declare themselves stormbringers.
Knights will witness your invisible barrier and believe it to be a celestial shield.
Sorcerers will see your astral projection and joke "he can't afford a decent traveling cloak".
Priests will witness your divine healing and assume it to be a sacred miracle.
Warlocks will see you communicate with a spirit and say "she can't strike up a conversation with the living".
Wizards will witness your fire creation and claim "he can't scrounge up enough for kindling".
Apprentices will light up a dim room with a simple spell and believe themselves to be bringers of light.
Mystics will watch you weave a protective ward and comment "he hasn't the patience to brew a proper potion".
Gnomes will witness your size alteration spell and scoff "he can't pay for a decent tailor".
Warlocks will summon a feeble imp and boast of commanding the demonic legions.
Monks will watch you alter your physical form and joke "she can't accept her natural appearance".
Sages will hear your quickened incantation and snidely remark "she can't spare the time for a proper chant".
Novices will perform a simple transmutation and assert they've unlocked the secret of alchemy.
Sorcerers will watch you summon a protective golem and say "he can't muster the courage to face his own battles".
Witches will see you cast a flight spell and say "he cannot master the broomstick".
Apprentices will cast a warping spell with no destination and claim they have discovered new lands.
Goblins will see you wield your staff and claim "he cannot fight with the sword".
Succubi will see you cast a mental barrier and say "he gets no maidens".
Just because an orb goes dark, does not mean it's owner must follow.
If a dark artist tries to recruit you, it means you pose a threat to them.
Even the mightiest beast can fall to the lowest level incantations.
Sometimes I cast awaken on my shadow duplicate just to hear what a real one have to say.
Goblins will be like "check out my technology" and its just a sack of gunpowder.
An orc will see you eating finely roasted mutton and say "he couldn't gets himself any fresh meats".
If you study less than 100 scrolls a week, lower your tome when talking to me.
Oh, you're a wizard? Name every spell. 
We need more women in STEM (Sorcery, Tricks, Enchantment, and Magicks).
Apprentices be like: "I haven't mastered the fire bolt spell yet. I'm such a bad wizard." My brother in the arcane arts, making mistakes, learning, and growing is part of the process and is what makes life beautiful.
witches ain't shit.
Peasants complain about withering crops --> You do a rain dance --> Peasants complain about flooding --> You banish the rain
Novices may conjure a wisp and believe they've summoned a will-o-wisp.
Warlocks will name their familiar a spirit despite it being a mere toad.
Sorcerers may glimpse a tome of magic and insist they've discovered the Codex Gigas.
Bards will strum a simple tune and declare they've charmed a siren.
Druids will beckon a squirrel and insist they've communed with nature.
Apprentices will witness a single arcane surge and assert they've seen the Astral Plane.
Gnomes will see you craft a potion and quip "he can't even brew a decent mead".
Apprentices will conjure a spark and insist they've mastered lightning.
Alchemists will mix two herbs and believe they've invented the Elixir of Life.
Dwarves will observe your stone shaping spell and laugh "he can't even swing a pickaxe".
Apprentices will trip over a root and claim they've been ensnared by a vine spell.
Wizards will touch a magic orb and boast they've controlled time.
Necromancers will animate a rat and claim they've raised an army.
Sages will read a weather prediction and think they've discovered the secret to divination.
Apprentices will hear your incantations and boast "I've understood the language of dragons".
Pixies will see you levitate and tease "he can't even fly properly".
Sorcerers will gaze upon a crystal ball and believe they've peered into the future.
Centaurs will watch you polymorph a rock and sneer "he can't even handle his own form".
When your apprentice goes to gather mandrake and returns with hemlock.
Apprentices will conjure a puddle and claim they've mastered the art of water manipulation.
Mages will attend one celestial event and claim they've witnessed the Star Forge.
Witches will brew a simple potion and declare they've conjured a panacea.
Apprentices will create a gust of wind and think they've invoked the spirits of air.
Warlocks will summon a bat and claim they've mastered the art of necromancy.
Dwarves will see you pull gold from thin air and claim "he's too lazy to mine".
When your pupil practices basic transmutation and believes they've broken the laws of alchemy.
Sages will debate in the mystic tongue and insist they've resolved the enigma of the cosmos.
Fairies will see you commune with plants and jest "he can't handle real conversation".
Novices will see a light illusion and believe they've witnessed a divine sign.
Halflings will observe you teleport an object and mock "he can't carry his own burdens".
Monks will feel a single moment of serenity and think they've achieved enlightenment.
Apprentices will ignite a twig and think they've summoned the primordial fire.
Necromancers will glimpse a minor curse and believe they've mastered death.
Apprentices will levitate a pebble and consider themselves geomancers.
Elves will see you make a raincloud and joke "he can't even carry a water skin".
Conjurers will see your mirror image and swear they've witnessed true doppelgangers.
Apprentices will scribe one magic circle and believe they've bound a demon.
Minotaurs will see you raise a wall of thorns and taunt "he can't build his own fence".
Apprentices will mix two potions and claim they've mastered alchemical fusion.
Apprentices will mimic a bird call and think they've mastered the language of beasts.
Seers will glimpse one possible future and claim they've seen all that will come to pass.
Trolls will see you summon a gust of wind and jest "he can't even fan himself".
Apprentices will stir a cauldron and declare they've brewed the Draught of Endless Fortune.
Clerics will lay hands once and think they've cured all disease.
Apprentices will glimpse a ghost and declare they've seen the other side.
Diviners will read the stars once and proclaim they've discovered the map of destiny.
Gorgons will see you freeze a stream and quip "he can't even handle a bit of cold".
Apprentices will hear a whisper in the wind and claim they've spoken to the elements.
Druids will grow a flower and believe they've restored balance to nature.